Javascript week 5 Independent project

  project requirements:

    As a user, I'd like to visit a page to see a LIST of ALL team members
      completion: TRUE

    As a user, I'd like to CLICK club MEMBER's entry IN THE LIST to visit THEIR PROFILE PAGE, which should include more DETAILS about them.
      completion: FALSE

    As a user, I'd like the option to VISIT an ABOUT PAGE that explains what the club is, and what they do.
      completion: TRUE

    As a user, I'd like all data persisted in a DATABASE, so it's always there when I need it.
      completion: TRUE

    As a user, I'd like to FILTER the LIST of PLAYERS BY their particular ROLE in the group, or some other information/category.
      completion: FALSE

    As an ADMINISTRATOR, I want to ADD new users to the club. (User authentication is not required).
      completion: TRUE

    As an ADMINISTRATOR, I want to EDIT user profiles, in case I make a mistake, or need to UPDATE their details.
      completion: TRUE

    As an ADMINISTRATOR, I need the option to DELETE a user, in case they leave the club or team.
      completion: TRUE



  What am I going to need?

    model for the players and coaches on the portland timbers

    hook up firebase to store all of the data

    service to grab the information from the database and inject all the information to the pages that need that info

    component for displaying all of the timbers players and coaches

    component for administration to add, update, and delete information from firebase

    custom pipe for filtering players/coaches by role

    dynamic routing for each player

    component for about


  How am I going to go about completing this project?

    create a model
    create service to communicate with database
    get firebase connected
    create a homepage component
    create an "admin" component
    create router
    link admin on homepage
    inject service to admin
    create function to add new person to database from admin component
    create method to grab information from service
    display information on admin in an ngFor
    create method for update
    create method for delete
    inject service to homepage
    display all of the players/coaches on homepage
    dynamically link each player/coach to their own page
    create a custom pipe to filter by role
    create an about component
